Hey, oops.
How is that possible?
How did you do this bargain?
Lifted 300 kilograms in 10 years with one hand
You can only lift 300 kilograms with both hands for 10 meters.
And I'm putting it up with one hand.
Who the hell are you and I?
Who else dares to say that my father is a disgrace to Zhaojiacun?
Who else wants to seize his property?
Village Chief, now I have replaced my father
Lifted this 300 kg 10 years
Then is my dad eligible?
Incense to the ancestors of Zhaojiacun
So what if you can lift it?
No, it's still a game engraving
A bargain owned by a rich man?
Your dad
The amount is just lost to our whole village
And the faces of our ancestors
And you shameless thing
Even the face of the country has been disgraced by you
I'm sure you can lift this decade
You must have carved something
You have a history of carving things
Can you hold up this decade with one hand
It must have been engraved in advance
Zhao Ruolan, Zhao Ruolan
You shameless thing
In front of the ancestors of Wu Zhuangyuan
You dare to cheat
You are hopeless
Now not only can your father not be the colonel
Even you have to get out of Zhaojiacun immediately
Lest we let our village gate be repaired
You said I carved something
Then you engrave too?
See if you can raise 10 names with one hand
You have the ability, try it.